[breathing softly]
[faint high-pitched ringing]
[muffled soundscape]
[ringing fades]
[footsteps approaching]
[man in singsong] Wakey-wakey...
[ominous music plays]
It's Christmas Eve.
- [music fades]
- [phone line rings]
- [Reed] Helen.
- [Helen] You sent a teenager to kill me.
Are you out of your mind?
Well, you can't be upset
or particularly surprised.
I actually can be
both of those fucking things.
[Reed] You've been half out of the door
for months, since Jason.
This has been coming.
I tried to fix it. I brought in Sam.
I supported you,
but now you've both proven to me
that you're unreliable.
[Helen] Come after me if you want.
Next time, send somebody more competent
than the work experience girl.
But leave Sam out of this. He's loyal.
I gave him the opportunity
to show his loyalty last night.
What do you mean?
[Reed] I gave him
Alex Clark's home address
and a chance to end all of this.
But he couldn't even do that.
You sent Sam on his own to the Clarks?
[Reed] I gave him the address
and an opportunity to show
that you were still both
team players.
[Helen] What have you done?
You need to give me that address.
If anything has happened to him, I'll--
Now, let me give you one last chance.
Bring me the recording device.
If the Clarks have Sam,
then it's the only leverage I've got.
[Reed] Let me be very clear
what we're talking about here.
It's the life of your friend versus
de-escalating two nuclear superpowers
from taking lumps out of each other.
Now, as a moral quandary,
it would barely trouble a child.
I like Sam, I always have,
but that's just what it is.
These are the dice we play with.
And he knows that better than most.
I cannot protect everyone
if I'm not in control.
And right now, you're not letting me
feel like I'm in control.
Helen.
Maybe you're not.
Damn it.
[tense music plays]
[exhales]
[tense music continues]
[Helen] They murdered Jason.
And Maggie and Phillip
and Commissioner Yarrick.
They sent a man to my house.
He threatened my children.
And I'm going to kill
the people who sent him.
[tense music continues]
[phone line rings]
[Helen] Williams, I know
how to find Trent Clark.
Be downstairs in ten minutes.
Let's go get our friends back.
[tense music continues]
- How are you?
- [music fades]
[Williams groans]
[Helen] How's your wound?
Yeah, bit lightheaded from the blood loss,
but toast is helping.
Okay, did Sam tell you where he was going?
Did he give you an address?
No, I was unconscious.
[Helen] We need to meet the Clarks
with this at midday then.
[Williams] You got it.
D'you know, it's probably a trap though.
Those Clark fuckers probably have
the place rigged like a shooting gallery.
I think we can still surprise them.
- [engine starts, revs]
- [music ends]
[groans]
[sighs]
[Eleanor] What's your favorite
Christmas film?
[Sam strains]
The Santa Clause.
[Sam groans]
Santa Clause?
The... Oh.
Um, that's the one
where he gets shoved off the roof
and he's gotta be
the new Father Christmas.
- Yeah.
- Yes, I love The Santa Clause!
[Sam grunting]
What about you?
- Oi.
- What?
[Eleanor] Favorite Christmas film?
I'm... I'm a little bit busy right now,
trying to get us out of here.
[sarcastically] Well,
you're doing a really good job.
Look at all the progress you're making.
Look at that.
[Sam] If we're not out of here by midday,
we're dead. [grunts]
[chair creaking]
The Holiday.
Um, whats-her-face,
Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet?
- [Sam] Yes.
- Yeah, fucking... That's a shit film!
That's shit. Did you used to watch that
with your boyfriend?
- Yeah.
- [Eleanor] Yeah.
[chuckles] That's a really nice memory.
Yeah.
I watched that one with my boyfriend.
I hope he's okay.
Yeah, he'll be fine.
[metallic rattling]
[Helen] Trent Clark?
[horses neigh]
- [Trent] Can I help you?
- We're looking for your mother.
[Trent on phone] Mum.
Yeah, hi. It's me. Yeah.
Um, I... I've messed up.
I've... I've really, really messed up.
[tense music plays]
- [exhales]
- Can you give her a call?
- I can't do that.
- You're gonna have to fucking do that.
Because your mother has Kai-Ming,
and she's gonna hurt her.
[scoffs]
- You're lying.
- I think you know we're not.
You know exactly
what your mother is capable of.
Maybe that's why you're so scared of her.
- If you don't call her, Kai-Ming will die.
- [Trent sighs]
And you're not gonna let that happen
because you love her.
And you'll do anything
for the people you love.
Anything.
- [Williams] Hm.
- [Trent exhales]
Good man.
[phone line rings]
[Alex] Hello, darling.
I'm just on my way to Waitrose
to get a few bits for tomorrow.
Are you okay?
Hello, Alex.
Whether he's okay or not
remains to be seen.
[Alex] Who's this?
The drop-off is in one hour.
You're going to be there in person.
And if you're not,
or if we're walking into a trap,
or if my friends are hurt
in any permanent way,
then that is gonna be very bad news
for Trent here.
- Is that clear?
- [Alex] Yes.
Good.
And just... not for nothing,
I'm gonna be very fucking glad
to meet you face-to-face.
I've got a lot of questions
that need answering.
[Williams trills lips]
Waitrose.
[tense music plays]
You don't seem like a mob boss's son.
My mother's not a mob boss.
She's a, um...
criminally adjacent person of influence.
Right.
I'm not like my mum.
I'm... I'm not like any of them.
You are a drug dealer
and a murderer though.
- If we're handing out labels.
- I... I'm not... I'm not a drug dealer.
I just...
I knew that... I knew Kai was into
that stuff, so I would get it for her.
I... I wanted her to...
[sighs]
[Williams] To like you?
[sighs] Yeah.
Well, Trent,
the next time you like a girl,
maybe try just talking to her
about her interests
instead of seeing
if you can buy her affection with heroin.
I'll try and remember that. Thank you.
Doesn't matter anyway.
I might not be a drug dealer,
but I am a murderer.
I deserve everything I get.
Well, now's your chance to make up for it.
You're gonna help us save Kai-Ming's life.
She probably still won't shag you though.
[Jacqueline] This where
the prime minister lives?
[Wallace] This is it.
- [kids] Ooh!
- [reporter] Mr. Webb!
[Wallace] Don't pay any attention to them.
Helen, I've had to bring the children
into Downing Street,
and there are cameras everywhere.
They're gonna end up
on bloody Newsnight at this rate.
So can you give me a call back
when you get this? Thank you.
- [breathing heavily]
- [tense music plays]
The recording of Ambassador Chen's murder,
which you've been hoping exists,
has been found and verified
and is about to switch hands.
[tense music continues]
[car lock beeps]
I hope, for the good of everyone,
that you are able
to act swiftly, Mr. Porter.
[Mitch] I'm glad we could be
the highest bidder, Mrs. Reed.
[elevator dings]
What the hell happened?
I've got everyone out looking for you.
It's a long story.
Yeah, I can't wait to hear it,
but we just got the address
of an intel exchange.
The Clarks. Borough Market.
Yeah. How did you know?
We need to get there before Beijing does.
- You got a gun?
- No.
We'll get you one.
[tense music continues]
[train clatters overhead]
[Reed] Perhaps Jason Davies
was not someone worth avenging,
certainly not someone worth dying for.
Have you ever heard of a Black Dove?
[gentle music plays]
[Jason] I was thinking,
you know... you're wrong.
- [Helen] I'm wrong?
- [Jason] You're wrong.
About how, uh, Helen Webb doesn't exist.
A name is just a name.
- Hello, Helen.
- [Helen] Hello.
- Helen. Jason.
- [chuckles]
[Jason] But you...
you exist.
[gentle music continues]
You have to, 'cause, um...
'cause I love you.
[Helen] You're real. You're real.
You're real.
[train whines, clatters]
[tense music plays]
[Trent] I'm not sure about this.
It's all gonna be okay.
All right?
Everything's gonna be fine.
[tense music continues]
Mum knows we're coming.
- [man] Any weapons?
- On my hip.
Where's your boss?
Upstairs room.
She'll find you.
[tense music continues]
[door opens]
[Eleanor] Ah, fuckin' hell,
look who it is! [laughs]
Tinker Tailor Soldier Twat.
- Trent, what are you doing here?
- [Helen] Trent's come to help.
Remember I said
it should be every woman for herself?
Yeah, I do.
And it was very hurtful, actually.
Well, I decided that was a stupid thing
to say, and, uh, I didn't mean it.
- Thank you.
- I was trying to keep you out of this.
[grunts, sighs] Well, this wasn't
your thing to keep me out of.
- Thank you.
- [Sam] We need to go.
[Helen] Not before I find Alex Clark.
[Sam] Helen, I'll deal with her.
I have to keep you safe.
Let's just... let's just get out of here.
Come on. We need to go.
[music fades]
[Alex] I'm afraid
you can't leave just yet.
This meeting is an exchange, remember?
[Trent] Mum.
Are you all right?
- They haven't harmed you?
- What were you gonna do with Kai-Ming?
Oh, he's a good boy,
but cunt-struck, alas.
Absolutely irredeemably so.
And look at the trouble
it's gotten us all into.
[sighs] You're Helen Webb?
You're Alex Clark.
In the flesh, as requested.
The device?
- You've watched it. Is it like he said?
- [Helen] He pushed him.
The ambassador fell and hit his head.
- It was an accident.
- [Alex tuts]
[scoffs] Well, everything he's ever done
has been an accident.
Trent, what is she talking about?
I'm sorry, Kai.
- I didn't mean for it to happen.
- [man 1] But it did.
And we continue to deal with the fallout.
[tense music plays]
[chuckles] You're the voice on the phone.
Yes.
It's funny. I... I thought
that you'd bring more protection.
Well, this isn't a room full of people
that get intimidated
by big men with big guns, is it?
But here's what I do have.
The shared knowledge with you
that if something were to happen to me,
then the consequences
would be bubonic in nature.
Total fucking carnage for anyone involved.
Do you understand?
Now, let me see that tape.
[bag unzips]
[objects clunk]
[tense music continues]
- All right?
- The Americans think there's a tape.
- What? What tape?
- A tape. A recording of Chen's murder.
- What? Exonerating them?
- Yeah.
Fuck.
[tense music continues]
I know who you are, Trent Clark.
I won't have you
polluting my daughter anymore.
Do you hear me?
If I see you ever again,
I will kill you.
[tense music continues]
[Chen grunts]
[music fades]
All right, that's enough.
[Kai-Ming gasps]
- Yes, okay.
- [knocking]
Yep, come in.
All right, I'll call you later.
The Americans are saying
there's a tape of Chen's death.
They're saying it could throw cold water
on this whole thing.
Tape.
- A recording?
- [Bill] They're on their way to get it.
Are they asking for, uh, police support?
They're not asking for anything.
They're telling us to get outta their way.
Right. Mm-hmm.
Keep me updated.
Every five minutes. Yes?
Uh, y-yes.
[cell phone buzzes]
We need to leave.
Well,
I'm glad this worked out for everyone.
- Worked out for everyone?
- We all got what we wanted, didn't we?
Happy Christmas.
- Happy Christmas.
I didn't get what I wanted.
[ominous music plays]
Your friends are alive.
No one died. Take the victory.
Not all of them are alive.
[Alex] No?
Well, that's the price of doing business,
isn't it, unfortunately.
I hope you remember that
if we ever run into each other again.
- [Sam] Helen.
- The price? But you haven't paid anything.
- Helen.
- I paid with my time and my money.
And my recommendation to you is
that you don't cause me to pay any more.
Trent, come on. We're going. Move.
- Helen.
- [Alex] Now.
- That isn't enough.
- It's not enough?
No.
[Eleanor] Oh.
[scoffs]
Helen. Helen.
Do you really wanna do this?
Pull the trigger, you die. You understand?
Helen... I support and love you
and usually would absolutely be here
for you wreaking bloody vengeance,
but this does feel like
something we should walk away from.
Yeah. Yeah. That's...
That's good advice, Sam.
I knew a man once.
My stepfather.
He was a drunk and an idiot and a slob,
but he took someone from me,
just like you did.
Now, he took them
because he thought that he could.
Because he thought
nothing would happen to him,
that the person
that he took from me didn't matter.
But he was wrong, and he paid.
Now, why do you think
that you don't have to pay?
Why do you think
that you get to leave this room
and forget about what you did?
Helen, let's all of us just go.
You can walk out of here.
Your friends, they can walk out of here.
We can put all this behind us.
Let's walk out. Come on.
I sympathize with your complaint,
I do, but this is over. It's finished.
I'm not contesting
a fucking parking ticket.
This isn't a complaint. This is vengeance.
[Alex] What are you talking about?
We can't undo what's done.
We can't bring people back.
This here is as good an ending
as you're gonna get, so take it.
[Sam] Helen.
This is not you.
Who do you think I am, Sam?
I think you're my friend.
I think you're Helen.
Helen Webb, Helen... Dawson. Daisy...
Whatever the fuck. I don't care.
I just wanna help you.
Just because you let her live,
it doesn't mean you let her win.
You took someone away from me.
You sent a killer to my house,
where my children sleep.
There have to be consequences.
There have to be.
Well, who did we send?
Who did I take from you?
You took Jason.
I need to know why. I need to know
who he was and why you killed him.
That's the man on the bench.
Jesus! It wasn't even us.
I never ordered that hit.
You're lying.
All of this
and you haven't even got the right people!
You're lying.
I don't know anything about your friend.
I did not have him killed.
Now, why don't you put your gun down
before you make yourself
look even more silly?
- Williams!
- Mm?
Williams, there was a number
that you were supposed to call
if you found anything at Jason's flat.
The people who hired you
gave you that number.
Yeah.
[Helen] Yeah. Okay.
If she calls that number
and either of your phones ring,
then the very next sound that you hear
will be my gun going off.
Call away.
I did not have your friend killed.
[line rings]
[cell phone rings]
[Helen breathes shakily]
- You?
- [cell phone rings]
- You.
- [Trent] I'm so sorry.
- [Alex gasps]
- I'm sorry.
- [tires screech]
- Development happening here.
- Just FYI.
- [man 2] Step aside!
- [man 3] Show me your hands!
- Open that door right fucking now!
[man 4] Get the fuck back!
- I'm sorry.
- [Alex] Oh, Trent, be quiet!
I wanted to fix what I had done,
to prove I could handle myself.
- [Sam] Trent, stop talking.
- [Alex] What?
You.
He's... He's... He doesn't have
anything to do with this. He's lying.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
He's just trying to protect his mother.
It was me. It was!
He's not lying.
- I'm so sorry.
- Helen, don't listen.
- He doesn't know what he's saying!
- [Eleanor] Fucking hell.
[man 5] Who the fuck are they?!
- Guns down. We will shoot!
- [man 6] Put your gun down!
[Trent] It's my fault. It's all my fault.
I had to cover up my mess.
I didn't think that I...
Kai, I am so sorry.
I am so... I am so, so sorry.
Shut the fuck up, Trent.
Put your guns on the floor!
- Lads, it's kicking off.
- [Trent] I am sorry.
But please do not hurt anyone.
Please don't hurt anyone!
Helen. Look at me. Fucking look at me now!
Are you gonna do that? He's a kid!
[Alex] Yeah.
[Sam] Right. Come on, we're going.
We're going. We're getting out now.
Stop! Please, Helen.
If you hurt my son, this will never end
for you, I promise you that.
- You'll never outrun it!
- [Helen yells]
- [Alex exclaims]
- [Sam] Fuck.
[Trent] No! Please! Please don't!
Don't! Don't! Please!
[Sam's dad] Every job in the world
has a code, Sam.
There's a right way,
and there's a wrong way.
[Trent] No! No! Please! Please!
[Kai-Ming gasps]
[Kai-Ming whimpers]
You shouldn't have done that.
You sh... you shouldn't have done that.
That was mine.
- You shouldn't have done that, Sam.
- It's okay.
[Helen] You shouldn't have done that, Sam.
It's over.
[Helen exhales]
[Helen exhales sharply]
Okay, yeah, we...
we need to fuck off out of here.
- [Eleanor] Mm.
- Now, I reckon.
[cell phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[Sam] It's Alex's.
[male voice] You have been watched,
and you will be held accountable.
[Sam] You need to go.
We'll clear this up. Go on.
[tense music plays]
Anyone alive up there?
[music fades]
Recording.
From Kai-Ming's flat.
The ambassador was killed by Trent.
It was an accident.
Show it to the Chinese.
You're in the clear.
And Trent?
[somber music plays]
He's dead.
Along with his mother.
[Cole] I know who you are, by the way.
[sniffs]
Does your husband?
[somber music continues]
- It's okay. I'm good at secrets.
- [distant sirens wail]
I'll see you around, Mrs. Webb.
[somber music continues]
[Mitch] My guy's got the recording.
[music fades]
Ambassador Chen's death.
Proves we were not involved.
China's gonna back down.
That's fantastic news, Mitch.
That's great.
Your guy, Yarrick,
he was on the tape.
I'm sorry, Wallace. I'm not gonna be able
to keep him out of the press.
Christ.
I'll let his wife know.
Thanks. Thanks, Mitch.
He, uh... he implicates some people.
Implicates?
[Mitch] Says some names.
Who?
You really don't know, do you?
You could actually be clean.
[chuckles] That's good to know.
The president,
he's talking to Beijing now.
We'll get all this shit straightened out.
Your kids, they're still in the office?
- Yeah, they're still running around.
- Well, take 'em home, man.
- [Wallace chuckles]
- It's Christmas Eve, for Christ's sakes.
Thank you.
- Mitch.
- Merry Christmas, Minister.
And to you.
[door opens]
[intriguing music plays]
[door closes]
- Come on, kids.
- Is there going to be a war?
Oh, someone was listening in, were they?
Merry Christmas.
Um, no, there isn't gonna be a war,
but I'll tell you what we need to--
Merry Christmas. What we need to do
is put a carrot out for Rudolph.
[prime minister] How exposed am I,
Mr. Porter?
[Jacqueline] Rudolph
isn't a real reindeer.
[Wallace] They're all real reindeer, sweetheart.
♪ Once in Royal David's city ♪
♪ Stood a lowly cattle shed ♪
♪ Where a mother ♪
♪ Laid her baby ♪
♪ In a manger ♪
♪ For His bed ♪
♪ Mary was that mother mild ♪
♪ Jesus Christ ♪
♪ Her little child ♪
♪ He came down ♪
♪ To earth from heaven ♪
♪ Who is... ♪
Alex Clark is dead.
You feel better?
♪ Lord of all ♪
Funny that.
Watched the recording.
In the end, it was just a scared boy
from a very dangerous family.
Trent Clark pushed the ambassador.
He fell and hit his head.
Trent left in a panic.
He came back an hour later,
called his mother,
who called Stephen Yarrick,
and the whole cover-up began.
Yes.
[inhales] Now, an organization like
the Clarks getting embroiled in all this
would've been bad enough on its own.
But what the Chinese didn't know,
and what the CIA didn't know,
was that someone was watching
the ambassador's family.
[ominous music plays]
Someone that no one was aware of.
Someone very close to Kai-Ming.
[ominous music continues]
Maggie.
She'd been selling stories
about her friend Kai-Ming to the tabloids
for a bit of extra cash
when MI5 tapped her up
and said, "Keep doing what you're doing,
but give us the good stuff
before you hand over the scraps
to the papers."
[Helen] So she had a camera
in Kai-Ming's flat.
[Reed] And when Maggie checked the footage
to see what had happened
to the ambassador,
the poor girl saw something
several miles above her pay grade.
Now, the mistake that Maggie made
was forgetting
that her tabloid contact, Phillip Bray,
also had access to the footage.
[Jason] This is important.
Did you talk to anyone?
No, I didn't.
[Reed] And once Phillip had seen it,
it was a case of trying to stop him
doing something stupid,
which, of course, she failed to do,
and Phillip went digging.
He went to Wallace
to try and get to Yarrick.
[Stephen] I wish
you'd made me aware of this.
Phillip Bray's a tabloid hack.
What are you asking me?
He said he had a story of you.
He said it was linked to China,
and now he's fucking dead.
And Wallace warned Yarrick.
And Yarrick went to the Clarks.
[Helen] And Trent Clark
tried to cover it up...
♪ ...the bleak midwinter... ♪
[Helen] ...by following Phillip.
[Reed] And when they followed Phillip...
- [inaudible]
- [Reed] ...they found Maggie.
And then they found Jason.
♪ Earth stood hard as iron ♪
♪ Water... ♪
[Reed] And then they found you.
♪ ...like a stone ♪
♪ Snow had fallen... ♪
[Reed] And then the killings began.
- ♪ ...on snow... ♪
- [Phillip gasps]
[silenced gunshot]
♪ Snow on... ♪
[Helen] So how come
Maggie got Jason involved?
Because she knew him.
She trusted him.
And because, like her,
he was an agent working for MI5.
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
♪ Our God ♪
♪ Heaven cannot hold Him ♪
♪ Nor earth sustain... ♪
[thunder rumbles]
♪ Heaven and earth shall flee away ♪
♪ When He comes... ♪
Gosh, it's beautiful, isn't it?
♪ ...to reign... ♪
Say what you want about the Christians,
but they can write a tune.
♪ In the bleak midwinter... ♪
I thought I could trust him.
I thought it was...
Love?
I managed to find out a little more
about him and what he was doing.
[tuts]
Turns out, we might not have been
as careful as we thought.
A small task force was set up in MI5
to look for leaks in the government.
They investigated everyone.
Eventually, the finger of suspicion
came to point at you.
It's Portcullis House.
The, uh, International Unity... something.
Foundation.
International Unity Foundation.
The, um, commencement reception.
Yeah. You bumped into me
and spilled my drink.
- [inhales sharply] Oh, you remember that?
- I do, yes. I really needed that drink.
So it was all just a play.
[somber music plays]
The day before he died...
Jason filed a report to his superiors,
telling them that,
after a thorough investigation,
he could find no evidence
that you were a spy.
And, in fact, nothing to suggest
that you were anything
other than a loyal citizen and wife.
[poignant music plays]
And it saved you.
At great risk to himself,
he saved you.
And that sounds a bit like love to me.
[Helen] What's that?
[Reed] It's everything
I could find on him.
[poignant music continues]
The real him?
Real?
Well, it's an odd concept, isn't it?
If I were you, I might consider
that not all knowledge is worth having.
[Helen scoffs]
We're in the knowledge business.
We can take a day off, can't we?
In the spring,
the prime minister's going to resign.
He'll say it's for health reasons,
but it won't be.
And the country will need someone new.
It's nice, you know, Number 10.
It'll need a lick of paint,
and the central heating
breaks down a lot in the winter,
but I think you and the kids will like it.
And there's 24-hour guards too.
I don't know if I'm still--
Still on the inside?
You strayed, but you came back.
And now it's time to go to work.
Happy Christmas, Helen.
[poignant music continues]
[footsteps approaching]
Is it over?
[music fades]
[Sam breathes deeply]
Hm.
Look, let's not say anything right now.
Just for a little bit.
[poignant music continues]
[music fades]
[creaking]
I hated my brothers, you know.
They were mean and cruel and...
Didn't miss 'em.
But they were still my brothers.
Still broke my mother's heart.
I still owe you for that.
If it wasn't me,
it would have been someone else.
Someone who
might not have spared your life.
[Hector] I've thought about that
for a long time.
Couldn't work out if you were
my worst enemy or my guardian angel.
I'm still not sure.
Rumor has it
a big fish took a big hit today.
The Clarks.
People say they're wounded, but not dead,
and there's gonna be trouble.
And it's only a matter of time before
they come after the man responsible.
And you're all on your own.
And I'm out of muscle.
You offering me a job?
[Hector] Giving you a choice.
If you wanna go, then go.
[chuckles] Don't come back.
But if you wanna stay,
then you're in the game
and you're with me.
Because I think what's coming,
it ain't gonna be pretty. [chuckles]
You understand?
[quiet poignant music plays]
Why didn't you kill me eight years ago?
Because you were a child.
I knew it.
I knew you had good in you.
Well, think on it anyway. Hmm?
[poignant music continues]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Michael exhales shakily]
[music fades]
[zipping]
[Michael chuckles softly]
When you close your eyes,
do you still see mine?
[chuckles]
Always.
Magnets.
[gentle music plays]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[gentle music continues]
[water splashes]
[music fades]
♪ Merry Christmas ♪
♪ May your every New Year dream ♪
♪ Come true... ♪
[music continues on stereo]
I can smell gun residue.
But I'm not gonna ask you
if you killed Hector.
I'm tired of being disappointed.
♪ Candles gleaming... ♪
He offered me a job.
[chuckles]
♪ ...candy canes... ♪
So where does that leave us?
Leaves us with the chance to put the past
in the past and move on with our lives.
Let bygones be bygones.
♪ When the world falls in love ♪
♪ Every song you hear... ♪
You think you can do that?
♪ Seems to say, "Merry Christmas..." ♪
Dunno.
- ♪ May your New Year dreams... ♪
- [Sam inhales deeply]
Well, I'm gonna look you in the eyes,
and if I believe that you can,
I will leave without killing you.
And if I don't...
♪ Wishes you and yours... ♪
...I won't.
♪ The same thing too ♪
[music lifts]
♪ Santa's on his way ♪
♪ He's filled his sleigh with things ♪
♪ Pretty things for you and... ♪
[Sam chuckles]
♪ ...for me ♪
♪ It's that time of year ♪
♪ When the world falls in love... ♪
I'll see you, Lenny.
♪ ...you hear seems to say ♪
♪ "Merry Christmas..." ♪
See you, Sam.
♪ May your New Year dreams come true ♪
[music fades]
[exhales shakily]
[sniffles]
[TV reporter] The solution has been met
with relief by global leaders,
who had feared the escalating tensions
could lead
to broader geopolitical instability.
It's 6:15 on this snowy Christmas morning.
[gentle piano music plays]
[footsteps clatter]
[kids] Mum! Mum! He's been! He's been!
He's been? Oh my God!
♪ Happiness and cheer... ♪
We should open those presents,
shouldn't we?
[tender piano music plays]
- [Jacqueline] Come on!
- [Helen chuckles]
- [Helen] The, uh...
- [Wallace] What's that? Is that that one?
- [Jacqueline] That one?
- [Helen] The green one is for Jac.
- Thanks!
- And the red one is for Oli.
[Wallace] Go on, Oli.
Thank you!
"Merry Christmas, darling.
Love, Mum and Dad."
Mummy, you've wrapped this really well.
I can't get into it.
[tender music continues]
[Jacqueline] Whoa!
- Number seven! Sonny's shirt!
- [Oli] Yes! Seven!
[Helen giggles]
[Jacqueline] I've always wanted this!
Thank you.
- [phone line rings]
- [blender whirs]
[Sam] Do you know how early it is?
- It's Christmas.
- [Sam] Is it?
Yeah. What are you doing?
[Sam] Nothing.
- Come round.
- [Sam] I can't come round.
- You don't have a choice.
- [Sam] Why not?
Because I'm inviting you,
you fucking Scrooge.
[Sam] Doesn't Wallace mind you
inviting a strange man round?
Well, once I'd clarified
that I really wasn't your type,
he said he couldn't care less.
[Sam] Do you have anything to drink?
- Lots.
- [hurried footsteps]
- Mum!
- [Helen] Yeah, sorry, bubba.
I'm coming in a minute.
[tender music continues]
- Oh my, he's heavy, isn't he?
- [Helen] Oh, let me look.
- [Wallace] A heavy one.
- It smells good.
- Um, it does smell good. Somewhere?
- Just...
Thank you.
[doorbell chimes]
- That's your... friend?
- [Helen] Mm-hmm.
Hello, darling.
[Wallace] Yeah, the short answer
is yes. Hello.
- [Sam] Hello.
- Hello. All right?
- [Helen] Jacqueline, Oli, this is Sam.
- Hi.
Hello, Jacqueline. Hello, Oli.
I bought, um, these for...
- [Helen] Great.
- These are for you.
- Thank you!
- Open them.
- [Wallace] Hey!
- [Oli] A toy gun!
Oh, guns!
Whoa!
[Helen] Put the telly on
while we make some dinner.
[kids laugh]
[Jacqueline] Don't shoot me!
- Sorry. Wallace. I haven't--
- Sorry. Sam.
- [Wallace] Nice to--
- Um...
- Thank you so much for having me around.
- Not at all. It's Christmas. Um...
What... what do you do for a living, Sam?
Insurance.
Insurance? Wow. Hm.
Um...
Bear with me one second, Sam,
while I check on the turkey.
[Sam] Sure. Yeah.
[Helen chuckles]
[Oli] Mummy!
- Drink?
- Yes, please.
[kids chattering, giggling]
[Helen] So what now?
I'm sticking around for a while.
In London?
Yes.
Will I see you?
If I think it's safe.
["Fairytale of New York" plays faintly]
[inhales] Sam, what you did...
It's fine.
It's not fine. It's--
It's why I came back.
And I'd do it again.
Every time.
Thank you.
Michael?
[sighs]
God, I'm sorry.
[Helen huffs]
People like you and me, darling,
we don't get to ride off into the sunset.
But we get to stay around
and watch the stars come out.
And that's not nothing, I suppose.
[music lifts]
♪ So Happy Christmas ♪
♪ I love you, baby ♪
♪ I can see a better time ♪
♪ When all our dreams come true ♪
- [laughter]
- [Eleanor] Hey, cheers!
♪ They've got cars big as bars
They've got rivers of gold ♪
♪ But the wind goes right through you
It's no place for the old ♪
♪ When you first took my hand
On a cold Christmas Eve ♪
♪ You promised me
Broadway was waiting for me ♪
♪ You were handsome ♪
♪ You were pretty
Queen of New York City ♪
♪ When the band finished playing
They howled out for more ♪
♪ Sinatra was swinging
All the drunks, they were singing ♪
♪ We kissed on a corner
Then danced through the night ♪
♪ The boys of the NYPD choir
Were singing "Galway Bay" ♪
♪ And the bells were ringing out
For Christmas Day... ♪
- Excuse me. That one's for the cream.
- [kids chatter indistinctly]
[Sam] That's, uh...
Yes, he's a puffin, yeah.
- Oh, here's the pudding.
- [Helen] Look, pretty.
♪ Well, so could anyone... ♪
Oh, I have one. Somewhere.
♪ You took my dreams from me... ♪
- Oh. Let me.
- ♪ When I first found you... ♪
♪ I kept them with me, babe ♪
♪ I put them with my own ♪
♪ Can't make it all alone ♪
♪ I built my dreams around you ♪
♪ The boys of the NYPD choir
Still singing "Galway Bay" ♪
♪ And the bells are ringing out
For Christmas Day ♪
[music fades]